SYNCPLICITY LLC @syncpServiceName@ LICENSE AGREEMENT
This software contains computer programs and other proprietary material and information, the use of which is subject to and expressly conditioned upon acceptance of this @syncpServiceDescription@ License Agreement ("Agreement"). This Agreement is a legally binding document between the individual, company or legal entity that will be using the software for its internal use ("Customer") and Syncplicity LLC ("Syncplicity").
If you do not have authority to agree to the terms of this Agreement on behalf of Customer, or do not accept the terms of this Agreement on behalf of Customer, click on the "Cancel" or "Decline" or other similar button at the end of this Agreement and/or immediately cease any further attempt to install, download or use this software for any purpose, and remove any partial or full copies made from this software.
1. DEFINITIONS
  A. "Software" means the Syncplicity @syncpServiceDescription@ software program, associated documentation and any updates and maintenance releases.
  B. "Services" means the Syncplicity file synchronization, sharing and related services as described on the Syncplicity Website.
  C. "Terms of Service" means the terms and conditions governing use of the Services as posted on the Syncplicity Website or the separate written agreement between Customer and Syncplicity that modifies or overrides such Website terms.
  D. "Third Party Programs" means third party software programs that are not part of the Software but are distributed with it to enable or assist in execution of the Software in a virtual machine.
  E. "Website" means the Syncplicity website currently located at http://www.syncplicity.com/.
2. License Grant. Subject to compliance with this Agreement and the Terms of Service, Syncplicity grants to Customer a non-exclusive, non-transferable license, without rights to sublicense, to use the object code of the Software for the purpose of accessing and using the Services in accordance with the then-current documentation for Customer’s account type as described on the Website or as specified in other transaction documentation provided by Syncplicity or an authorized reseller. In the event any third party code, such as free and open source software, is included in the Software, the license terms accompanying that code shall govern its use.
3. Term Limitation. The license granted under this Agreement is limited to (a) the applicable free trial or paid subscription period and (b) any post-subscription transition or data migration period, which may not to exceed thirty (30) days, unless extended by Syncplicity. Upon expiration of the license, Customer shall cease all use and delete all copies of the Software.
4. Restrictions. Customer is permitted to copy the Software only as necessary to install and run it in accordance with the license, but otherwise for backup purposes only. Customer shall not, without Syncplicity's prior written consent, (a) use the Software in a service bureau, application service provider or similar capacity; or (b) disclose to any third party the results of any comparative or competitive analyses, benchmark testing or analyses of the Software performed by or on behalf of Customer; (c) make the Software available in any form to anyone other than Customer’s employees or contractors; or (d) transfer the Software to any third party.
5. Reserved Rights. All rights not expressly granted to Customer are reserved. In particular, no title to, or ownership of, the Software is transferred to Customer. Customer shall reproduce and include copyright and other proprietary notices on and in any copies of the Software. Unless expressly permitted by applicable law, Customer shall not modify, enhance, supplement, create derivative works from, reverse assemble, reverse engineer, decompile or otherwise reduce to human readable form the Software without Syncplicity’s prior written consent.
6. Third Party Programs. For the convenience of the Customer, Syncplicity may distribute Third Party Programs with the Software. These Third Party Programs are not required to run the Software and are subject to their own license terms. In order to install and use such Third Party Programs, Customer must agree to the applicable license terms.
7. Limited Warranty. Syncplicity warrants that the Software will substantially conform to the applicable documentation for the ninety (90) day period after delivery. Syncplicity does not warrant that the operation of Software will be uninterrupted or error free, that all defects can be corrected, or that the Software will meet Customer’s requirements. Syncplicity’s entire liability and Customer’s exclusive remedies under the warranty described in this section shall be for Syncplicity, at its option, to remedy the non-compliance or to replace the affected Software. If Syncplicity is unable to do so within a reasonable time, then Customer may terminate its subscription to the Services and obtain a refund of any unearned fees actually paid by Customer attributable to the period following such termination. This warranty does not cover problems that arise from (a) accident or neglect by Customer or any third party; (b) any third party items or services with which Software is used or other causes beyond Syncplicity’s control; (c) installation, operation or use not in accordance with Syncplicity’s instructions or the applicable documentation; (d) use in an environment, in a manner or for a purpose for which the Software was not designed; or (d) modification, alteration or repair by anyone other than Syncplicity or its authorized representatives. Except for the warranty set forth herein, and to the maximum extent permitted by law, Syncplicity (INCLUDING ITS SUPPLIERS) MAKES NO OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, WRITTEN OR ORAL. INSOFAR AS PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, ALL OTHER WARRANTIES ARE SPECIFICALLY EXCLUDED, INCLUDING WARRANTIES ARISING BY STATUTE, COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE.
8. No Support. Syncplicity will not provide any support services to Customer under this Agreement. This Agreement does not give Customer any rights to obtain any updates, maintenance releases or new versions at any time in the future. Syncplicity may offer support and subscription services separately. If Customer has purchased Syncplicity subscription services that include support, these services are provided under the Terms of Service or other agreement.
9. Indemnity. Syncplicity shall defend Customer against any third party claim that the Software infringes a patent, trademark or copyright enforceable in a country that is a signatory to the Berne Convention and pay the resulting costs and damages finally awarded against Customer by a court of competent jurisdiction or the amounts stated in a written settlement negotiated by Syncplicity. These obligations will apply only if Customer (a) notifies Syncplicity promptly in writing of such claim; (b) grants Syncplicity sole control over the defense and settlement thereof; (c) reasonably cooperates in response to a Syncplicity request for assistance; and (d) is not in material breach of this Agreement. Should the Software become, or in Syncplicity’s opinion be likely to become, the subject of such an infringement claim, Syncplicity may, at its option and expense, (a) procure for Customer the right to make continued use of the affected Software; (b) modify the affected Software to make it non-infringing; (c) terminate the affected Services and refund any unearned fees actually paid by Customer attributable to the period following such termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Syncplicity shall have no liability to the extent that the alleged infringement relates to (a) combination of the Software with third party products or services; (b) use of the Software for a purpose or in a manner not contemplated by its design; (c) any modification to the Software made by any person other than Syncplicity or its authorized representatives; (d) any modifications to the Software made by Syncplicity pursuant to Customer’s specific instructions; (e) any technology owned or licensed by Customer from third parties; or (f) use of any older version of the Software when use of a newer release made available to Customer would have avoided the infringement. THIS SECTION STATES CUSTOMER’S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY AND SYNCPLICITY’S ENTIRE LIABILITY FOR THIRD PARTY INFRINGEMENT CLAIMS.
10. Limitation of Liability. SYNCPLICITY, ITS SUPPLIERS, RESELLERS, PARTNERS AND THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO CUSTOMER FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA, COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF THE PARTY CUSTOMER IS SEEKING DAMAGES AGAINST HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES OR IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT. THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF SYNCPLICITY, ITS SUPPLIERS, RESELLERS, PARTNERS AND THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE SUBSCRIPTION FEES, IF ANY, PAID BY CUSTOMER FOR THE SERVICES IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE LIABILITY. CUSTOMER AGREES THAT THIS DAMAGES LIMITATION IS A FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENT OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN CUSTOMER AND SYNCPLICITY.
11. Termination. Syncplicity may terminate this Agreement immediately and without notice if Customer fails to comply with any term of this Agreement.
12. Export. Customer acknowledges that use of the Software may be subject to the export and import laws of the United States and other countries. Customer agrees to comply with all export and import laws and regulations. In particular, Customer acknowledges that the Software may not be exported or re-exported to any U.S. embargoed countries or to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Persons List or Entity List. Customer also agrees that that it will not use the Software for any purposes prohibited by U.S. law, including the development, design, manufacture or production of missiles, nuclear, chemical or biological weapons.
13. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Customer and Syncplicity regarding the Software and completely replaces any prior agreements between Customer and Syncplicity in relation to the Software. If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion will be construed in a manner consistent with applicable law to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original intentions of the parties, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. The failure of Syncplicity to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, there will be no third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement. Any claim or cause of action related to this Agreement or the use of the Software must be filed within one (1) year after the cause of action arose or be forever barred.
14. General. This Agreement and the relationship between Customer and Syncplicity will be governed by the laws of the State of California, excluding its conflicts of law provisions. Customer agrees to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in San Francisco, California to resolve any dispute or claim arising from this Agreement. As to intellectual property rights, Customer specifically agrees that Syncplicity may file an action in any jurisdiction to protect or enforce its rights. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not apply to this Agreement. Customer may not assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement to a third party without the prior written consent of Syncplicity.
Revised 031513